---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_tencent_access_credentials data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-tencent-access-credentials"
description: |-
  Reads Tencent credentials from an Tencent secret backend in Vault
---

# vault\_tencent\_access\_credentials

Reads Tencent credentials from an Tencent secret backend in Vault.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# generally, these blocks would be in a different module
data "customvault_tencent_access_credentials" "creds" {
  backend = "tencent/"
  role    = "terraform-provisioner"
}

provider "tencentcloud" {
  access_key = data.vault_tencent_access_credentials.creds.access_key
  secret_key = data.vault_tencent_access_credentials.creds.secret_key
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the Tencent secret backend to
read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `role` - (Required) The name of the Tencent secret backend role to read
credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `access_key` - The Tencent Access Key ID returned by Vault.

* `secret_key` - The Tencent Secret Key returned by Vault.

* `security_token` - The STS token returned by Vault, if any.

* `lease_id` - The lease identifier assigned by Vault.

* `lease_duration` - The duration of the secret lease, in seconds relative
to the time the data was requested. Once this time has passed any plan
generated with this data may fail to apply.

* `lease_start_time` - As a convenience, this records the current time
on the computer where Terraform is running when the data is requested.
This can be used to approximate the absolute time represented by
`lease_duration`, though users must allow for any clock drift and response
latency relative to the Vault server.

* `lease_renewable` - `true` if the lease can be renewed using Vault's
`sys/renew/{lease-id}` endpoint. Terraform does not currently support lease
renewal, and so it will request a new lease each time this data source is
refreshed.
